"query:loona:tags # \"loona\"" loona
"query:musictheory:tags # \"musictheory\"" musictheory
"query:classical:tags # \"classical\"" classical
"query:linux:tags # \"linux\"" "linux"
"query:tech:tags # \"tech\"" "tech"
"query:vgm:tags # \"vgm\"" vgm

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# uncategorised
https://adspthepodcast.com/feed
https://feeds.transistor.fm/oxide-and-friends/
https://kbd.news/rss2.php

# youtube {{{

https://odysee.com/$/rss/@AncestralCult:0	yt yt_video # AncestralCult
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC078EwoJJlUtDYS2Zf_PuzA	yt yt_video # Jay Beard Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0ZGpaIfJX8xJ_gHI9Zqaww	yt yt_video # Wyattxhim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA	yt yt_video # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3SJs-fPxaLXE84JxWpEeXA	yt yt_video # LivingPianosVideos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC46xhU1EH7aywEgvA9syS3w	yt yt_video # anthonywritescode
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6biysICWOJ-C3P4Tyeggzg	yt yt_video # Low Level Learning
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA	yt yt_video # Mental Outlaw
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw	yt yt_video # ThePrimeagen
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8yI8P7Zi3yYTsypera-IQg	yt yt_video # Music Matters
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBBIgxO-8jgVZpsj6uk4aVA	yt yt_video # Bryan Cantrill
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCtWlohLxXq6bp2Ba2Jg-2Q	yt yt_video # Denis Zhdanov
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIrOOZeidxZjoDRFdLqabmA	yt yt_video # Metal Music Theory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKre6QmGZ270Og0uLylTSVA	yt yt_video # Rust and Cpp Cardiff Meetup
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRTeNftWBh6ePpiqzyMNmFw	yt yt_video # tonebase Piano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSf-Xx-OHoEE-QVmOAhHqVg	yt yt_video # The Ultimate Classical Music Guide by Dave Hurwitz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUyeluBRhGPCW4rPe_UvBZQ	yt yt_video # ThePrimeTime
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYovtwjhbubEthCtVCvmZuw	yt yt_video # Yeargdribble
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_iD0xppBwwsrM9DegC5cQQ	yt yt_video # Jon Gjengset
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbEFvUhe-QuH9-0Ksno9dwA	yt yt_video # Open Studio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbLVvc-agTyWl_4U7iIgfqg	yt yt_video # The Independent Pianist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeq5QhMvgTTaVFIddrm1GRA	yt yt_video # Ah Geez Dood
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChK2DhvPSG3sY0jIYYngVBA	yt yt_video # 지켜츄 Chuu Can Do It
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChd9uQdJAWEXQoq-jiPP__Q	yt yt_video # Charlie Looker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi8C7TNs2ohrc6hnRQ5Sn2w	yt yt_video # Programmers are also human
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp4DtLatjb5dBNHHYcvVXCw	yt yt_video # Josh Wright
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyS4xQE6DK4_p3qXQwJQAyA	yt yt_video # DidYouKnowGaming
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzYLos4qc2oC4r0Efd-tSuw	yt yt_video # Rustacean Station
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLFaVlc8NSbbGH6iJGZFiHnnioR8yB7-em	yt yt_video #  U+모바일tv

}}}
# music - favs {{{

https://bassdoom.home.blog/feed	music
https://classicalmjourney.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music classical
https://kpopdownloadscmm.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://musiqclassiq.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music classical
https://www.invisibleoranges.com/feed/	music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-edt2UC0sKfLP3ZfPML2Zg	yt yt_dl # RareMetalRarities
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC09IGk5JS7x-S9NfF4RxU5Q	yt yt_dl # MaltineRecords
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC23zHnaKOBqse0-P5wZ32gw	yt yt_dl # Gothiclibrium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2MCoqGb2I3ocyWPA164liA	yt yt_dl # high information noise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2zlRzqMd3I9xd3g4nOVx6Q	yt yt_dl # On The Top of Damavand for ever
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3EXY6jOXxa_9E17MP2_nqw	yt yt_dl # Anothertimbre
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5KCBzFSZDtQDGwWn5TQOhA	yt yt_dl # F. Pompeu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC79WiqxijeyNaVWEkQclU5g	yt yt_dl # Rites of Pestilence
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8KRHcFQBLrMBeHhcrMqH7A	yt yt_dl # strugatsky
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC91UfjRgIi2fEMkoaxisYmQ	yt yt_dl # Ticafr
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC96aWof5PHoA1OOH1keA0xQ	yt yt_dl # Immortal Classical Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9B6J4qn5M_TLMh7zX0ISBA	yt yt_dl # Brilliant Classics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB0ANlFMLDXQHJbAolye8gg	yt yt_dl # elkiensad
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD5Ny_jQ8cs9JXVPWXg9iNw	yt yt_dl # New Wave Of Old School Thrash Metal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD9fMVm4yPFv63goCFEj9jQ	yt yt_dl # Fledermaus1990
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDLkzWN1rHY4eYkGnVruHVw	yt yt_dl # Atmospheric Black Metal Albums
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDk7EL2ZivCpL_8cSHUWi1w	yt yt_dl # S
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF81AytfSxkAMGjKFnsswnA	yt yt_dl # dismiss yourself
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG2Ymf6JFCwxyqaH6S-UsYQ	yt yt_dl # TheOneAndOnlyZeno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG5loDqpgFMgkyhOeDEyZuA	yt yt_dl # Underground Black Metal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHWe_tvTbvLqQl0puYhAkxA	yt yt_dl # Cult of Singularity
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH_hWKV-UoK2mOsX4lB8q6A	yt yt_dl # Mão da Glória
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHePI17SewYev5mDiBH7NyQ	yt yt_dl # Janitor ofLunacy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ-YjzpJxteFS5-TUoBIWYQ	yt yt_dl # incontrario motu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJhR8tk1NawNr4s0gFWDNWg	yt yt_dl # invertedninthchord
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK6nKhTDrADiuSzTWx3l6Vg	yt yt_dl # harmonia mundi music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCK_lWK0-T45ionQI2Z2IhHg	yt yt_dl # sweetbabyjaysus
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLUzzvPKB8YFuBc4QFHIriw	yt yt_dl # Only Black Metal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMSVWxNp1lkEGpDClzm8Qvw	yt yt_dl # losprimerosVIIVI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMWYqSmaxiqzpuBuFKbTTMg	yt yt_dl # Yasutaka Nakata  Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNS7BQ7gEJxTbEDsffsGqkg	yt yt_dl # POCLANOS
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNyupeKKCyZTuOMyUc6C93w	yt yt_dl # Vwreyth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOpgOcrw4vv9P0_3kDZ4hRA	yt yt_dl # PurityThroughFire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOsDYE_zrQMH34LZFoFeH5g	yt yt_dl # ViceWearsBlack - PE and Noise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPYvBFviZ09XO-S7a30bZ1A	yt yt_dl # ABCDEAF
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPaw_iBkzrlJ4BTO5FqvQ1g	yt yt_dl # oleg gerasimovich
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPe5pc6990sASW4X5PGkiDA	yt yt_dl # Rique Borges
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCReSnjPFA6QWSdxY0Bu7eXA	yt yt_dl # SoupyMold
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSnZqC46X115gd1ukXxcFSA	yt yt_dl # Boul God
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTN75DU0MnTw6MN_xZ8NvbQ	yt yt_dl # Oldschool BrutalDeath
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTZ35GQfSb0RsPdREhWZrtg	yt yt_dl # SLAM WORLDWIDE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTmqHgEi6yLdT8ErXw49QXA	yt yt_dl # The Avant-Void
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYaYZQE2pymOZ0k3iaRdgcw	yt yt_dl # OdiumNostrum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYfDK5_TfjyRMMJAGXJ-wSw	yt yt_dl # tegosluchamPL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZepSPsopTcgcnZHusP8_QA	yt yt_dl # Zewen Sama
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdZ7t90tgjwOO9PVhzT5A2g	yt yt_dl # No Gleaming Light
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf63QEKct1a1alE1A6tKKAg	yt yt_dl # calefonxcalectric
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfP6C9bT_llY13EhAfR-ekA	yt yt_dl # You've probably never heard of it.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfPnAF-DYznLiGWkNg-wxGw	yt yt_dl # MonoTree
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfqPBQecsZl1n0v_SXMyZGg	yt yt_dl # Unexysted
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClyH4F1BMA8WmxE9Qfy95YA	yt yt_dl # Joseph Of Arimathea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmezV9ultue--YEFK8efziQ	yt yt_dl # Cartel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnfOqYDhvwylz9lygU0lpMA	yt yt_dl # K MUSIC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo2V-gGj1KA6YMAqFyWHwlQ	yt yt_dl # TAPESTOK INC
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoMFePvJgobTpYpwsOBwmxQ	yt yt_dl # 58RNA3QD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuajWwDRLLLvN7YvlxcKRnw	yt yt_dl # Death Madness
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCva611YXfp8Sk5OZDOZJN7g	yt yt_dl # Rare Metal Albums
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw3mQSE8u2Wiu5ImeyKTPmA	yt yt_dl # peter doolan

# }}}
# music - rym {{{

https://rateyourmusic.com/~1luv1jah/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Decibelle/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Endrey/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~GGrimhail/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Irrbloss/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~KitKit/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~LilJazy/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Nebs/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~RNG/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Rauta/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Reliquary/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~RogueFossil/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~Stephanii/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~YazmeenDessertRose/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~andromaeda/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~aziaisonline/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~bloodie/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~conciliator/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~cyr/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~ince/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~jazzusklisto/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~lator/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~logstar100/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~marsb/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~mynameischet/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~nightwrath/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~noname219/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~rake/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~randomname410/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~riquefc/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~serpifeu/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~siixnights/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~stilton/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~strugatsky/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~suninyourhead/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~synchromysticism/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~tenshijcjc/data/rss	rym kpop
https://rateyourmusic.com/~thankyoubranch/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~thrasher2809/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~xenakis/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~ylang/data/rss	rym
https://rateyourmusic.com/~yofriend/data/rss	rym

# }}}
# music {{{

http://feeds.feedburner.com/classicstodayreview	music classical
http://gogogoingnow.wordpress.com/feed/	music
http://grizzlybutts.com/feed	music
http://iu.hulnews.top/feed/	music
http://jpop2000ss.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
http://kayokyokuplus.blogspot.sg/	music
http://metallifestyle.weebly.com/1/feed	music
http://noisebeneaththesnow.com/feed/	music
http://pigeonsandplanes.com/feeds/generator/e/n/3.rss	music
http://sixnoises.com/feed/	music
http://tinymixtapes.com/feed.xml	music
http://volt-magazin.de/index.php/rezensionen-reviews-electro-industrial-ebm-post-punk-cold-wave?format=feed&type=rss	music de
http://www.bardomethodology.com/feed	music
http://www.churchofzer.com/atom.xml	music # mediafire
http://www.jrocknews.com/category/releases/feed	music
http://www.residentadvisor.net/xml/review-album.xml	music
http://www.secretdecoder.net/feed/	music
http://www.toiletovhell.com/feed/	music
http://www.vgmonline.net/feed	music vgm
http://zenevloed.nl/feed/	music
https://40000000gallons.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://aidoruu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
https://alexshenmue.wordpress.com/feed/	music
https://algleymi.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music label
https://arioso7.wordpress.com/feed	music classical
https://ascoven.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
https://atertiarysource.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://autothrall.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
https://aziophrenia.com/tag/perfume/feed/	music
https://berlin030.de/category/musik/rezensionen/feed/	music de
https://blackmetaldaily.wordpress.com/feed/	music
https://blackmetalownsyou.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://centralsauce.com/author/ben-carter/feed	music
https://coolestsound.jp/atom.xml	music
https://diyconspiracy.net/feed	music
https://echoesanddust.com/feed/	music
https://elbasurerodelemo.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://exystence.net/feed	music
https://feed.podbean.com/hatepod/feed.xml	music podcast
https://feed.podbean.com/heavymetalbebop/feed.xml	music podcast
https://feeds.buzzsprout.com/1088009.rss	podcast # dissonantharmony
https://feeds.buzzsprout.com/266909.rss	music classical podcast	# samuel andreyev
https://feeds.feedburner.com/ElectronickTapes	music
https://feeds.feedburner.com/MakeBelieveMelodies	music
https://feeds.feedburner.com/pureidolheart/MSOV	music
https://feeds.fireside.fm/heavyhole/rss	music podcast
https://forevercursed.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
https://freecityrhymes.substack.com/feed	music
https://fuckedbynoise.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://fusion-world-30.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default	music
https://groove.de/category/reviews/alben/feed/	music de2
https://hiphopkr.com/feed/	music
https://i-support-my-local-scene.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://idolisnotdead.tumblr.com/rss	music
https://idolisshit.com/feed/	music
https://inverted-audio.com/feed/	music
https://ionarts.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music classical
https://jpop.xyz/feed	music
https://jpopmix.com/category/album/feed	music
https://jspinyin.net/feed/	music
https://killedincars.com/rss	music
https://kimikame.com/feed/	music
https://kpopvocalanalysis.net/feed	music
https://lairofthebastard.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://le-drone.com/rss	music fr
https://machinemusic.net/category/albums-of-the-decade/feed/	music
https://machinemusic.net/category/interviews/feed/	music
https://metalintheory.com/feed/	music musictheory
https://monrakplengthai.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music th
https://moroccantapestash.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://mortuusinsomnis06.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://mqs.link/feed	music
https://nathanwisnicki.substack.com/feed	music # LimedIBagels
https://nitter.net/SbgFestival/rss	music classical
https://nitter.net/basiscape_en/rss	music vgm
https://nitter.net/monotreemusic/rss	music kpop
https://noobheavy.com/feed	music
https://occultblackmetalzine.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://olddisgruntledbastard.com/feed/	music
https://on-the-board.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://openmindsaturatedbrain.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://opiumhum.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://pitchfork.com/rss/reviews/best/albums/	music
https://plaguerages.substack.com/feed	music
https://plainsugarsub.wordpress.com/feed/	music
https://r-p-m.jp/features/feed	music jp
https://r-p-m.jp/news/feed	music jp
https://randomjpop.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
https://readytohitthemoshpit.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://repartiseraren.se/feed/	music
https://ripfork.com/feed/	music
https://robertgreenbergmusic.com/category/podcast/feed/	podcast music classical
https://robotnikland.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music vgm
https://russianpopbliss.wordpress.com/feed/	music
https://shmuplations.com/feed	music vgm
https://shop.ascetic.house/products.rss	music label
https://slam-minded.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://sparkplugged.net/feed/	music
https://spotifymines.tumblr.com/rss
https://taopriest.tumblr.com/rss	music		# hmmmmm
https://technicaldeathmetal.org/feed/	music
https://tedgioia.substack.com/feed	music
https://terraturpossessions.com/feed/	label music
https://thai-music.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://thebiaslist.com/feed	music
https://theclassicreview.com/category/album-reviews/feed/	music classical
https://theclassicreview.com/category/beginners-guides/feed/	music classical
https://theeliteextremophile.com/feed	music
https://thekpoptimist.home.blog/feed	music kpop
https://theprogressivesubway.com/feed	music
https://thequietus.com/reviews.atom	music
https://thesoundoffightingdogs.wordpress.com/feed/	music
https://thisendlessbreath.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vodonly/clubmatryoshka	music twitch
https://www.attackmagazine.com/technique/beat-dissected/feed/	music
https://www.attackmagazine.com/technique/deconstructed/feed/	music
https://www.bensbigblog.com.au/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	music pop_sci
https://www.classicalwcrb.org/blog.rss	music classical
https://www.classicalwcrb.org/cd-of-the-week.rss	music classical
https://www.deutschlandfunk.de/klassik-pop-et-cetera-100.rss	music classical
https://www.echinesesong.com/feed/	music cn
https://www.ethanhein.com/wp/feed/	music classical
https://www.homicidols.com/feed/	music
https://www.koreanindie.com/feed/	music
https://www.lacedrecords.com/blogs/news.atom	music vgm
https://www.metalcrypt.com/contents.xml	music
https://www.naxos.com/rss	music classical
https://www.neue-bachgesellschaft.de/feed	music classical
https://www.nextmusicfromtokyo.com/?feed=rss2	music
https://www.passionweiss.com/category/special/passion-features/feed/	music
https://www.rote-sonne.com/feed	music events
https://www.sadplanetarium.com/interviews?format=RSS	music
https://www.secretsofsongwriting.com/feed	music classical
https://www.theajnaoffensive.com/blogs/news.atom	label music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-MUFcjuU49I-vVL7H1Antw	yt # DEATH FETISH
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-MYgeVwgOS1w7VXrUe9WLA	yt # Gramophone
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-rE_FVbxyRSP3N6QAIRWMA	yt # atsusiueno
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-u-87CwJquK7ILsj28kkGQ	yt # Primitive Reaction
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC03_jfIuezeAMQ6ArDX-5lg	yt # enzo raffler
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0CgB6D2PGZ2y9tWDD3nzMA	yt # Metal Supplier
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0MbImAZ5VBy0CKANa17Rrg	yt # 0000
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0b_YN7x2ShxICagR221ZmA	yt # THAGODSQUAD
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1MwodMRAr8woqUn2yPUS8Q	yt # chordio
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1jo37ffGZwbpDarO0AehbQ	yt # S.D.G.Johann Sebastian Bach
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1ydefMjNRjhFUdj9JZ_zfQ	yt # Lolitina by Aoki Misako
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eq3mK_I-FCenwE1W_QeVg	yt # 城戸あき子_official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2jg30Zep4WhZEVhCiR6kyg	yt # Muzikazaile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2q7OXP-mPxHzJerA9tXe7Q	yt # Ashish Xiangyi Kumar
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2zb5cQbLabj3U9l3tke1pg	yt # smalin
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3B6nMP821PzcaOpE77MToQ	yt # Crescendo Waves
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3Bjw_Ek1FTbhEKZsh9uo1w	yt # 須田景凪 バルーン
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3E35Fy2z_JwCwSSbbeVMew	yt # Wolfspell Records
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3lH9uLAdzY3YkAx3a8wsJw	yt # Propaganda Due
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC43VFN8zuWfjR7iIUTj2ADA	yt # Hunter Hunt-Hendrix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4e08LrQ2WTSgaHWOgzpOMA	yt # Logan Valenti
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4sEiH0I8LrDGtcL5hCopgA	yt # Patrick Hogan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5OTLkP2gLShPzBPNzoSWaA	yt # Dan The Fugue Guy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5ev5M1Z14a3FFwuRDCduTA	yt # Amadeus Mozart
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5qQHYfGBR6gN9ma-nGL2FA	yt # Akira Ikegami
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5wB5tkKAGU7PKADzU_LoRw	yt # dods metall
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC63X3Dg2AIXj3iZ5e4I3LuQ	yt jp # 3776チャンネル
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC65TyZQC54YS_6JlMQycjwA	yt # Butte OSAKA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6OUaLZVEbK8TY3LdVzJmhw	yt # Cormac Levinthal
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6T5Y4ktQTq568X3aSfWW7Q	yt # Sick Chainsaws Productions
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6ev549nQuFLUZ1vdC70sAA	yt # martinluecker
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6pIPPGWGdqPkMzRNFQHVVQ	yt # Sofronichrist
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6pL1AdVbRGFkyS7AnuuasQ	yt # Naomi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6tGjOVtv2T1q92cvoABUlw	yt # tricot Official Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6wL0JmwNlMvuxktk7l8S_Q	yt # Ethan Blackburn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7KYBb8YE6pNk9_WwneT1XQ	yt # Seigneur ReefShark
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7W3i6EM5VQEZ2HM6uy5vsQ	yt # 1Furtwangler
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7brSEzOeLLb0l3QhAtdkgw	yt # Sounds of the Dawn
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7ojalnVGxhYFUJQNtHRuuA	yt # sibarit101
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7zq9NxjVYUN8QXkN7GAbXQ	yt # Utsyo Chakraborty
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8EDVwQkD6QZW4jjvjtheCQ	yt # scream collector
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8IFPN60KGKfHZ-xRX65NTw	yt # dolomuse
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8Ki4ka14Q5F0sHqFaasQDg	yt # Ryan Power
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8MLS5X0vWxxa5nyJxfSA1A	yt # Slav
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8w1hbvFqCD9_rJFV4cdc6w	yt # SHACHI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC995j0fLaZb4RHACU149w1Q	yt # Shibayan Records
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9W3U300JG8OEQB7xQB8gNw	yt # Sergio Cánovas
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9cJLV8SzlNla5MFVY8lSVg	yt # Pentameron
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9g5M2trqPDiGn5fC_dl63g	yt # Rodders
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9pQGeWEtbZr9kN-x066GgA	yt # Kånde •
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9qItJ2Gs8Xfu6y_ERKNsxw	yt # Voices of Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9tTOqA9z3WSLE4TFPOiGNw	yt # masyotaiVEVO
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAHK6_CVUjWtJ9i-dQ8Td_A	yt # Xearching For Sounds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAJLMQjD_IXY9XtBNJmaa7g	yt # 矢川葵
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCALwlyC70Vnimqd-lpKYm2Q	yt # Forgotten Baroque
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAhbA8JIVysRncE2c_NiguA	yt # Luci is my name
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAtLsLRrBu9Jl8uCvvkQgNQ	yt # Aaron
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB0d7Vk2entc0SIl-wombYQ	yt # 【le biglemoi 】Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCB9GUy12LgkeKwGZOTbiecQ	yt # Flightsch Films
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBs8fehcP4gkd8RCEnc5fIQ	yt # Jaddah MY
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBxZUNU_g8P35xzdcabWe0A	yt # Gabri ///
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCJtTLxZAwWFT9ZJ8DNNE8Q	yt # headzpromo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCVeQFgdi87OnOUSCZo5cLw	yt # David Louie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDamrw8GbeUEELj2ewoU5Qw	yt # סוכריות גומי צפצוף
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDtrGOn-LIQVTZffV8yV70Q	yt # PukeFlower293
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCE4IM82TdhmOl4Qtn8nsaGQ	yt # IndigoMusic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEGRzmPwLqrIIo6hB58R1Qg	yt # One Man Bands
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIvT3gzqSqWMxYTR0-rkww	yt rare # Lost Songs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEQg4Egi8dnNtpsIf9ShsVw	yt # symphony7526
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEfZiXQ_eP2X4qanalEBf3A	yt # Putrescent Sounds
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEf_Bc-KVd7onSeifS3py9g	yt # SMTOWN
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFH6sHDXRaaGJMOBJFgbAfA	yt # Studio31
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFZ-Xo4pEASeoB3MaMifB_A	yt # vividsoundmovie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFk0uQo3PGmmwoeDInrNdAg	yt # colin booth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFpBHtIl3ZthBoHmghGYsqA	yt # Hyperion Records
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGKZkZv4xnUIvshcK0cC4-w	yt # domignostika
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGN3RVAodiogEyT4PSwIavg	yt # Le Sheet Music Boi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH-cDn4Hw8NrkToZpedKFzA	yt # 東賢太郎
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCH9x-S_L-2jtJGkG6vWayFw	yt # comet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHVnft3HuKLibXlndMWgNNg	yt # Korean Metal Album
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHf3FXp545Ydt490jzMLO9g	yt # skrieni
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHqddw4KnkjErjilbLK9V6Q	yt # ドラクエ楽曲分析 / DQ Music Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI7XI8DiFamTsrNuy4_Unow	yt # Breath of the Wild
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCINnzLzVKY7pLKUMdHi7n9g	yt # Nucktmeron 1982
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIWsIsZjkt2McIPr3qCfEyQ	yt # Darius Nixon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIZDmzlGg0UifIWXGfRQq_w	yt # Mathcore Index
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIrQ5Oohf24tDmxZMn5_3fQ	yt # Dead Forest
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKFODptKFgcb4IfXC1w8lSA	yt # Favola in musica
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKKvNjFvtAgu7egXZtP-EFQ	yt # Willem Tanke
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKV1-wOY0sNjwjBjzO6YqeQ	yt # D Fake
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5vBtSHVu82OQITU7ahnPA	yt # XjojotheemoviolenceslayerX
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLTZHKDjlCI-QYC2s4zVhCQ	yt # Juancitoamericano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLum4cHbZEnDcVHGl4Wgs9w	yt # Vampyre Din
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMIZSbYWOQMPX81pqKV-Opg	yt # Supermarkt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMVQ9keB3oJb8DV81Oo-HHg	yt # MUSIC KOREA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMdDhBlfEpgW4zbTUkc8OAQ	yt # Amaranth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNAckPiDYxRWengUlRujs6Q	yt # gerubach
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNBKUWR0HXkHUjL8PlT4PVQ	yt # Цесаревич
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNGp12RSkscxS1OKhz6K3YQ	yt jpop # ノニエルプロデュース
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNMp99d-aNS6TxO8rS_RC0w	yt cn # Chinese Music XiaoYang
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNhqvQMXIgRfjAGmxQqdNRw	yt # Rotana
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNjO5P4H3eTv-3Br-rq0JsA	yt # ashiapmanman
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO5B-ANwaDSkyV9tc7YOn-w	yt # #hcpspirit
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOBjL08luxcjOBdyIvPuZaw	yt # Edgardo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCONuNEpKSCZDvTNooqsI2EQ	yt # 💀 𝔻𝕆 𝕄𝔼 𝔸 𝔽𝔸𝕍𝕆ℝ 𝔸ℕ𝔻 𝕂𝕀𝕃𝕃 𝕄𝔼 💀
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOSJF2_qJ3mA7RYVJ15nVWA	yt # Metal Crypt Promotion
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOdkYXO-GiflPBXzC4dp2xw	yt # Brugmanziah
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOsBk7qhKyyDakjG6s8BTbA	yt # Atmospheric Black Metal Kingdom
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOuivoD24J3P5wnXQIDKaiw	yt # Digital Bach
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPENYtHg4Xhmm6oX8zaQA7Q	yt # GIRLS' GENERATION
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPUZ1hgQgIIYQeMqoJWWoXw	yt # Stabat Mater
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPZ8guklfqqLqb5Qg6_wzwA	yt # Precipotato
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPgD-j2dzxJ0U0Q-LI9fj-A	yt # Mr.Schwarz
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPzvzUz8-he6pcqfF-hA-0A	yt # merry merli (メリーメルリー) OFFICIAL
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQjQIg2wS8ODwekBKbEpvAw	yt # No Big Deal Records CH
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRBtJ5z6vMSGyj-ZDMrAGBw	yt # zankyorecord
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRG_SZa6oF5GP6QziJQF2ZA	yt # purpleschala
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRR-FtXHCtIRxZ2yB1vFGow	yt # Blast Beaten To Death
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRrs3XFhs60GfZzKhT4bAxg	yt # Mortuus Vivens Imperium
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRyh___DDg7uevMvLrjnmdA	yt # Miguel Fontes Meira
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS7BGLjrnM7PyAbqib5Y0KA	yt # The House of Hidden Knowledge
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSEr2_3QFcsA2IxCuO_rxtw	yt # hellheadhoncho
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS_TVr6AQQKjutAujgyIvvw	yt # Colin Marston
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTbp5TV7Z3gBq2cAqbbZq6A	yt # Sheep
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTj3C35RgpN0HoTZYoNXn8Q	yt # Alloy Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUBJBvaOnUFsXyF8L-czh4Q	yt # Chugotit 츄갓잇
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUOVvEQ4K7vz4CKKk_FbpuA	yt # FiveDigitCreature
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUVgnIJf6OPm5EQYJQxPnaQ	yt # s w
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUWRvZt9Qa0P-8RX9VKH79w	yt # (´•̥ ω •̥` )
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUXMhig9O30Vb4ysWcJAWFg	yt # pannonia77
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUakZymlEah6hD7KDJUCclA	yt # Will Martin, Composer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUhfJn88d32udI3ePN9V15A	yt # The Great Repertoire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUoolO4OWY7pyO3GSUiwTJA	yt # Lusofolias
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVL3Fo6EMLN5Cl7XsWCbkaA	yt # prfm-uk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVjJEbHnQdSQHVguDPKeD8g	yt # Free Forgotten Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVmxzvy0qErh8ckRJB88qjA	yt # George N. Gianopoulos, composer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVyFFyr810Tc0L0wCVzef_Q	yt cn # 经典流行
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWM16M4tKsoYUuBHCIt4N2w	yt # Playliszt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWRlb-fo0c4UMQ3ihEGMjbA	yt # MUSIC KOREA 2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnT_2RN4BZ0wzJTlZkjLsw	yt # Contemporary MusicNOW
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWubfmD-UY92kgCct3PXvZQ	yt # Asian Shoegaze
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXT98N1gVYV6tzZhJaJjEFQ	yt # FightMalcovich
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXgINWNmKc9qMoOBuoFwd7A	yt # Score'sAnimation
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXmLtLgp_-83OCUXGjTBBfQ	yt # cis moll
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYSV4YWR7uvJQWMOR7arddw	yt # Pour ceux que le langage a désertés
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYTJJKqxqwmIUVnrDoepseg	yt # Felices Cantus Bach
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYY7tJCIFwqVrwOPhkgHR-g	yt # 音楽自己相関可視化プロジェクト
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYfxUOsroDhIEyXiZa_zglA	yt # The Piano Experience
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZB_GZ92dnKnXuLL0AZa5pQ	yt # S.P.'s score videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZMNWTrTfFIoj580kGaO8dQ	yt # thenameisgsarci
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZg8JdNmcn82HiTGmb4tbCA	yt # Miguel Velázquez
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZhQjkOvS_aN_Ea6l5ojfXw	yt # Contemporary Classical
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZkBfgFnWZdr2Kcsgcjba4Q	yt # incipitsify
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_7J0C1H37aVphAw_a9_mbw	yt # leeves leeves
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_Iju6sH3ZlFQdC2z-oeYSQ	yt # Noctuelle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_KukZZ0Ii0kmJfRK_UjpdA	yt # BZK
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_QG8miwKHFNuWY9VpkrI8w	yt # Cateen かてぃん
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_RnmGyvvdu-sngdIsA_tTQ	yt # Post Industrial New Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_fWOrE7GtGibPQ70_Wwn7w	yt jp # shellfish1004
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_lXMPvtcuJt2hvludG7gRA	yt # Tormented
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa2CStd5GOFu7HhCkgSFvfA	yt # Starlit Signal Records
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaBLxJD8n-JNnzmhxX_9s7g	yt # Blacknoise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb5xdAHAg-6iDSaX3nh9j7g	yt # MusicArt61
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb83Oa4GvrJ5G46kQ5GxCFA	yt # Yağız Arslan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbMISEiX4KfykNV9bn26x0w	yt # Classical Music/ /Reference Recording
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbOwwfrNhvOPGC2zKK8SpiA	yt # CrushingDreams
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbX1WGW8HGkxv3SyC6D3ObQ	yt # Jason Marcieski
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbZQKEoWrqoGUaYbjlR20Hg	yt # babybirch18
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb__Bm7VBJWGaXSuHZMkSrQ	yt # ササクレクト/SASAKRECT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbh4LbQSROknirf5VHLg3NQ	yt # Levertraan
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbo9n5Y8ojo5Q_4RnqPthvA	yt # Daniel Crawford
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCc3ilAZ_1sc_dKneVAIT1pw	yt # BÉBE YANA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcydT7l6MPsvaBqbqV6a5FA	jpop yt # Macaron575
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd2XmEfSt9kbL8s7fU9OPVQ	yt # コドモメンタルINC.公式チャンネル
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdPf5kus9_R9FIc9VP844dg	yt # Simon B.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdS7bBvL26L39Uegjo2OmGw	yt # Chinoiserie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdWeaG-8WPWpd6qcuz_-abw	yt # PC Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdgoIUUre-_fnATBgQ52YsQ	yt # Kens Death Metal Crypt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdjTkN38JSTeT9ClrL5NBzw	yt # Crate
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdrJZQNaJDLaXz2ECa-HddQ	yt # Asriel Kujo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdvCyAgdBbTxb3MQQL9tt_w	yt # TENTENKO Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfCPGSzjX3gGsPw0cHmU14g	yt # Perfect Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfDgFybeRCgS7-ESDzTy-ZQ	yt # Underground Uploads
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfEeyeK51WExN_wolQIkitg	yt cn # LuLu Qun Music Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfI-Y-HLZG7PQ9s-RW_nFdw	yt # Nextel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgyKDEKqtf0XDGdGfVc9_oA	yt # thecompactor music rips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCh6zygZeEfcuU02J2e8TRFA	yt # Johann Sebastian
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChULGHt--P-FElZ2-1b3IAg	yt # American Bach Soloists
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChbD1TDW88uwjq6_G0eRAzA	yt # HAMIDASYSTEM
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChiUSlnHrGCc0TVsuQEFteA	yt # yvette young
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChsVa08edydL1uIPEDOXXoA	yt # Kevin Hufnagel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChxgpa4YcRUD1nsaol222vQ	yt # CarolusGustavusRex
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiXrqW_4e83LrYlJ8_M39pg	yt # Pianifico
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiZw_nTBq1m7ffSV0fjfDrg	yt # MOMENT SCALE
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCilEUY2-Z9KZuwsgjDHEvHQ	yt # Damon J.H.K.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiw4do67oNWWT_C-Qu5Wg7w	yt # BL▲CK C▼LT
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjKGcOOJhzS-8aRLwATq76A	yt # ancestral star
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjRKtPDqhPla4HCNYSE2l_A	yt # KO SINDOU
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjVdFW16-zuELvfT46d6hhA	yt jpop # 三戸なつめ Official YouTube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjXYxriEX1BKtMbQyHlKS0g	yt # stigekalder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj_4c-JWo0u25RjZmC3D_zQ	yt # A1A2B1B2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjcRvkWqcfVkB114FYD4C9A	yt # Migraine by Noise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCk57cWiAyD_0d8lTAkAeD-g	yt # Nekuro Earnhardt
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkFaqeeugSW5d4-zJt4dl7g	yt # asian gothic label
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkHjNcBJ69YCbUSCQCl_88A	yt # Goût des musique ancienne
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkMXsSWVJyHX69eAa8WuGew	yt # KalteZiegelsteine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkfCix1fesR6v0tE-fIweNg	yt # miljkmi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmYq0b8VKp61qD8EWE5K-wg	yt # fyrexianoff
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmep48_X7VUIi1Raojx3BGQ	yt # random albums 1
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmlz4YDLaDGoscoHDVWReuQ	yt # Baroquenoise
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmu-VNWRFQJkDvpYyIDr3cw	yt # Naomi Elizabeth
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmuZrxCjaitdAwaGpkPEchw	yt # Antimessiah
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmzOLCPZMqb86O2kg-uDcww	yt # Scriabin is my Dog
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn5-OHqf7b_sd7knIbZJ6xQ	yt # Anal Device
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnQnf32oGdLX6h7gziVaHgg	yt # A Classical Trove
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnarzCZEW2_SQnNXwgs37rA	yt # flowlists
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnhZuoNcL89qNax7YlWvavQ	yt # 미러볼 뮤직 - Mirrorball Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnl5nJnnJCK5Q5e_wByYEmA	yt # Joshua Travis
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnmF6Fy8t1aIDl5jlLqSAqw	yt # MAGIC STRAWBERRY SOUND
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnrIEj8YNRQD1yXLq363ZQA	yt # allarmunumralla
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnxQ8o9RpqxGF2oLHcCn9VQ	yt # fantano
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoBuSw25EynzYRCGYibELvQ	yt # Underground Vibrations
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoTaE27hr6NEbGlGn4vmqvg	yt # M - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoiH2CdEcQmtPEF86KAFSjg	yt # Vertigo 163
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoynZm503HQiQUhJGkR9pYQ	yt # cërclemortüaire
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp-SiR1_OYX2K2XrUV02yPA	yt # riv (Metal Things and Music Promotion)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp1rOaLfx9c_DRAj27LiaYg	yt # Depressive Black Metal Archive
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpA6yruAIk3TtM9-3lmpmEQ	yt # ElectricLizard
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpYboLibaXcrn8wOwtfFttQ	yt # ヴェクサシオン
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpe3LjesjNTa8osGMEGe4Xg	yt # Roc Vela
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpn_1YDCIfCOHMvdvuY9ToA	yt # 999999999999
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpp8tC_u2GBG0mKd7S9Bd4Q	yt # Gelabque
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCppvFdyLmTOYJ3xa1c5fJuw	yt # grinblat
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCprLLM0OILMpq2q_kpe_WFw	yt # Béton Brut
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq3Wpi10SyZkzVeS7vzB5Lw	yt # Ichika Nito
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqrox_685YbTlYDpz388qig	yt # Ria Brezova
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrJiJHlSS3BUULZf_FH-zPQ	yt # cgoroo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrWrNd9oUBgNe2441No8L1w	yt # Sick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs2t9DlvAuyTBkvk2djGZKw	yt # Genierock
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsCyncBPEzI6pb_pmALJ9Tw	yt # Score Follower
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsJyGt7k004-xgygG-uvR-g	yt # VG
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCszyXm5HcAwxVSGeeHQscQg	yt # musanim
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCt7fwAhXDy3oNFTAzF2o8Pw	yt # theneedledrop
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuEUz4vLWHKTYdhlQXE4Cwg	yt # cobra cobra
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuJnUsw0Anzgg5-G6p--ctA	yt # music boi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuOUeCUO27MKsCyZdPMegBA	yt # E.V
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCukcQaJk5WAErc6mb8oqZSQ	yt # KuhlauDilfeng2
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuq1H-HXWoW4JL-hX5bWxzw	yt # Death Grips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvOBu1UI_e2PxVQhM6nWD7w	yt # Paranthropus Slam
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvtY3MPYXQp9aZBt0gQD7-w	yt # Cmaj7
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw9CLkBHqDMIqBUciTEmODg	yt # 𝔐𝔲𝔰𝔦𝔠𝔞 𝔐𝔢𝔡𝔦𝔢𝔳𝔞𝔩𝔢
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwAtCO4m4ySQcwcjyJj0tXg	yt # ARS SONORA
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwH6cA6-EQy7cgdGBoBhU0A	yt # BIRSECK272
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwHvWKzBjDktSbkI9lDvMew	yt # Andrija Čugurović
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwbbr8FKVrWLF8T81RI7Lxg	yt # Bartje Bartmans
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwd83EJH6rr_vPSH1iZdtxg	yt # not looking for New England
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCweOkPb1wVVH0Q0Tlj4a5Pw	yt # 1theK (원더케이)
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwgaE3AlYxzpEK8J01xYD7w	yt # Gore Grinder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx2iiqZuzri08lwGU4zbaBA	yt # Partitura Organum
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxGyXV_cuEBOqnuoaWZ-Wlw	yt # Sean Canzone
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxOjoraUPd0Dq9PAyIhC6tQ	jpop yt # Perfume
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxkJ_8dTQ_GP16JeiRLJ0mg	yt # Harpsichord Vinyl Gallery
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxoWK9DoK8OMmjBouexJ8xA	yt # DNfather
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy86r_b2SLoE5vSVoD2NRlA	yt # Thikk Klassik
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyEW2DhSx51lFu8ZjkzLLWQ	yt # swag lord
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyMeA4gsWcT76u89HTl5EnA	yt # Vladivostok 1969
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyUWjARk-t676ahbmnq4dMQ	yt # ZSunder
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyabCqc2M3J9HItEroLOTvA	yt # Kmac2021
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCylZ2Jb1tTgB66LuGtmEBKg	yt # Silly Silky Official
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCymibT7pwb0BOtXjmOQm2nQ	yt # Partially Nebulous Observationists
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzF9Ixse6jfk05MdG9bQRQw	yt # Angelolatreia Tremenda
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzUxGzcjmfTh9dFi9NNMizg	yt # Joannes Couchet
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAjIX596BriE-27j4ATKO37oyaKSaqdnm	yt # IDEAL Work Lists
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLAjIX596BriGdmyKHy_rIcTcPmct2K5G-	yt # World's Most Beautiful Melodies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLUVp6QIFv05M7nXDL5SqWXjn0f19tfXTv	yt # Aparté Music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLgHwmy5wpqikUX3mnDrIz8ExvSeQpotBA	yt vgm # videogame heardle
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLjjdqebq5Em1F95Em94lv2EHKCSKiyudT	yt # dizzydizzo
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLk8Jh2wxTcpZIM2Y4PYCTMWr6COcL7TBK	yt # Practice Clinic

# }}}

# musictheory, classical {{{

http://www.georgianchant.org/feed	classical
https://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/intellect/mms/latest?format=rss	musictheory
https://api.ingentaconnect.com/content/intellect/mms?format=rss	musictheory
https://bachtrack.com/rss.xml	classical
https://blog.twedt.com/feed	classical
https://bulletproofmusician.com/feed	musictheory
https://crosseyedpianist.com/feed	musictheory
https://franklehman.com/feed	musictheory
https://franspianostudio.me/feed	musictheory
https://harmonicseries.substack.com/feed	music classical
https://interlude.hk/feed	classical
https://melaniespanswick.com/feed	musictheory
https://michaelkravchuk.com/feed	musictheory
https://muse.jhu.edu/feeds/latest_articles?jid=774	musictheory jrn
https://nitter.net/fmlehman/rss
https://nitter.net/pianotricks/rss	music classical musictheory
https://onpolishmusic.com/feed	classical
https://partitura.org/index.php/feed/	classical
https://peterjfolliard.com/feed	musictheory
https://pianodao.com/feed	musictheory
https://practisingthepiano.com/feed	musictheory
https://rmclassicalguitar.com/feed	musictheory
https://stringsmagazine.com/feed	classical
https://thecritic.co.uk/tag/music/feed	classical
https://themusicsalon.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	classical
https://vgm-in-irregular-time-of-the-day.tumblr.com/rss	musictheory vgm
https://www.artofcomposing.com/feed	musictheory
https://www.beyondmusictheory.org/feed	music classical
https://www.esm.rochester.edu/integral/feed	musictheory
https://www.helpingyouharmonise.com/feed	musictheory
https://www.henle.de/blog/de/feed/	classical
https://www.kairos-music.com/blog/index.xml	classical
https://www.kpukinskis.com/blog/atom.xml	musictheory
https://www.musiciansway.com/feed	musictheory
https://www.nightingalessonata.com/home?format=rss	classical
https://www.piano-composer-teacher-london.co.uk/blog-1/blog/index.xml	classical musictheory
https://www.pianoarticlesweekly.com/feed	classical
https://www.pianosightreading.com.au/feed	musictheory
https://www.recordedness.org/interviews/feed	music classical
https://www.reddit.com/user/LogStar100/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/Xenoceratops/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/Zarlinosuke/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/davethecomposer/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/lilcareed/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/powersurgeee/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.reddit.com/user/vornska/.rss	reddit musictheory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5toGmOe1-1vdomQt4qQpYg	yt # Society for Music Theory
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAd6NTVHcJgxsX3u1qNzowQ	yt # Poker and Philosophy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBYAFTEec60guY-W4OU5Jrw	yt # NerdyMusicks
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcEiwy1FJoDKGL9jyl5tA9g	yt # Piano Articles Weekly
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLWGPizxKI7i7Xlc8pA4yWA3J5ktKQLzHL	yt # AlmaDeutscher

# }}}
# tech {{{

https://moderncss.dev/feed	tech
http://anandtech.com/rss/	tech
http://blog.filestack.com/feed/	tech
http://feed.tedium.co/	tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index/	tech
http://feeds.doughellmann.com/DougHellmann	tech
http://ignorethecode.net/blog/rss/	tech
http://rssnewsapps.ziffdavis.com/extreme.xml	tech
http://textslashplain.com/feed/	tech
http://usn.pw/feed	tech
http://www.backblaze.com/blog/feed/	tech
http://www.kroah.com/log/index.rss	tech
http://www.marco.org/rss	tech
http://www.osnews.com/files/recent.xml	tech
http://www.righto.com/feeds/posts/default	tech
http://www.rntz.net/blog/atom.xml	tech
https://29a.ch/feed.atom	linux
https://adamj.eu/tech/feed	tech
https://alexwlchan.net/feed	tech
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/	tech
https://bas.codes/rss.xml	tech
https://beza1e1.tuxen.de/blog_en.atom	tech
https://bkardell.com/blog/feed.rss	tech
https://blog.codinghorror.com/rss/	tech
https://blog.erratasec.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	tech
https://blog.kellybrazil.com/feed	tech
https://blog.pragmaticengineer.com/feed	tech
https://briandfoy.github.io/feed	tech
https://catonmat.net/feed	tech
https://craftofcoding.wordpress.com//blog/index.xml	tech
https://daniel-lange.com/feeds/index.rss2	tech
https://datagenetics.com/feed/rss.xml	tech
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml	tech
https://dylanbeattie.net/rss.xml	tech
https://gist.github.com/romainl.atom	linux
https://glitch.com/culture/rss/	tech
https://hacks.mozilla.org/feed	tech
https://iridakos.com/feed.xml	linux
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml	tech
https://karl-voit.at/feeds/lazyblorg-all.atom_1.0.links-and-teaser.xml	tech
https://kentcdodds.com/blog/rss.xml	tech
https://lemire.me/blog/feed	tech
https://lobste.rs/rss	tech
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml	linux
https://lunduke.com/index.xml	tech
https://marienraat.nl/blog/index.xml	tech
https://medium.com/feed/backticks-tildes	linux
https://medium.engineering/feed	tech
https://news.ycombinator.com/rss	tech	# hackernews
https://newsletter.pragmaticengineer.com/feed	tech
https://opensource.com/rss.xml	tech
https://overengineer.dev/blog/feeds/all.xml	tech
https://phili.pe/feed.xml	tech
https://privacy-watchdog.io/feed	tech
https://programming-idioms.org/rss-recently-created	tech
https://pythonspeed.com/atom.xml	tech
https://rachelbythebay.com/w/atom.xml	tech
https://realpython.com/atom.xml	py
https://rsapkf.org/weblog/feed	tech
https://softwaredoug.com/feed.xml	tech
https://spectrum.ieee.org/feed	tech
https://switchandclick.com/feed	tech
https://ta180m.exozy.me/posts/index.xml	tech
https://theheadphonecollector.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	tech
https://torrentfreak.com/feed/	tech
https://twitchrss.appspot.com/vodonly/theprimeagen	twitch
https://utcc.utoronto.ca/~cks/space/blog/?atom	tech
https://vault.lunduke.com/LundukeShowMP3.xml	linux
https://vimways.org/2019/index.xml	linux
https://wizardzines.com/index.xml	linux
https://www.allendowney.com/blog/feed	tech
https://www.blog.pythonlibrary.org/feed	tech
https://www.hezmatt.org/~mpalmer/blog/rss.xml	linux
https://www.linuxjournal.com/node/feed	linux
https://www.maltegerken.de/feeds/all.atom.xml	linux
https://www.otsukare.info/feeds/atom.xml	tech
https://www.posvic.eu/feed/	linux
https://www.stefanjudis.com/rss.xml	tech
https://www.swalladge.net/feed.xml	linux
https://www.technewsworld.com/perl/syndication/rssfull.pl	tech
https://www.theregister.com/headlines.atom	tech
https://www.vidarholen.net/contents/blog?feed=rss2	tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC-VnbnvbOn2vS8SI6S2GqKA	yt # Beginbot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA	yt # Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAKtTBXNwRJ_EHGq0EbwokQ	yt # Data Heroes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCD5eL38hFtSLiVFP9cCUJEA	yt # Daniel Stenberg
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFzGyNKXPAglNq28qWYTDFA	yt # Kai Hendry
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCKPyg5gsnt6h0aA8EBw3i6A	yt r # RichardOnData
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPK_UHtbfcWABCi0F0GPG6w	yt # Vim Conf Live
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg	yt # DistroTube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXPHFM88IlFn68OmLwtPmZA	yt # Greg Hurrell
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYVU6rModlGxvJbszCclGGw	yt # Rob Braxman Tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCa0tJguRNbU6I8OO3nUvXxQ	yt # Josh Branchaud
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbDQ7FIeYB3FHRADAjUjfrg	yt # Greg Wilson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgREucssIfY9e0Iy3yhse8w	yt # nixcasts
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCi8XrDg1bK_MJ0goOnbpTMQ	yt # budlabs
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkf4VIqu3Acnfzuk3kRIFwA	yt # gotbletu
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA	yt # Brodie Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCljOhRB2a3sQgLCdK9CHQvQ	yt # Calin Leafshade - Linux # leafshadeamp; Productivity Videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCorzANoC3fX9VVefJHM5wtA	yt # Nick Janetakis
https://xdg.me/index.xml	tech

# }}}

# journals {{{

http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/amclct	jrn pharm	# med chem lett
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/jacsat	jrn	# jacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/jmcmar	jrn pharm	# j med chem
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/jnprdf	jrn	# j nat prod
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/joceah	jrn	# joc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/orlef7	jrn	# org lett
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/action/showFeed?jc=15213773&type=etoc&feed=rss	jrn	# acie
http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/action/showFeed?jc=18607187&type=etoc&feed=rss	jrn pharm	# chem med chem
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/00452068	jrn # bioorg chem
http://rss.sciencedirect.com/publication/science/0960894X	jrn pharm # bmcl
http://www.nature.com/nrd.rss	 jrn pharm	# nat rev drug disc
https://chemrxiv.org/rss/portal_category/chemrxiv/1906	jrn cdd
https://feeds.feedburner.com/acs/oprdfk	jrn	# org proc r&d
https://jcheminf.biomedcentral.com/articles/most-recent/rss.xml	jrn pharm cdd # j cdd
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/action/showFeed?jc=1096987x&type=etoc&feed=rss	jrn # jcc
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/feed/10981128/most-recent	jrn pharm # med research rev
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/feed/18681751/most-recent	jrn cdd # mol inf

# }}}
# cdd {{{

http://comporgchem.com/blog/?feed=atom	sci cdd
http://www.dalkescientific.com/writings/diary/diary-rss.xml	sci cdd
http://www.drugdiscovery.net/feed	sci cdd
http://www.drugdiscoverytoday.com/rss/news/	sci pharm cdd
https://baoilleach.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	sci cdd
https://chembl.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	sci cdd
https://cheminf20.org/feed	sci cdd
https://chemrxiv.org/engage/rss/chemrxiv?categoryId=605c72ef153207001f6470ce	sci cdd
https://chemrxiv.org/rss/profile/5564693	sci cdd # robin winter
https://depth-first.com/articles.atom	sci cdd
https://feeds.feedburner.com/CambridgeMedchemConsultingNews	sci cdd
https://feeds.feedburner.com/macinchemblog	sci cdd
https://feeds.transistor.fm/ttp-invent	sci cdd podcast
https://iwatobipen.wordpress.com/feed/	sci cdd
https://md.catapult.org.uk/feed/	sci cdd
https://nextmovesoftware.com/blog/feed/	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/AISciNet/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/BZdrazil/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/CDDVault/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/Grayson_MN/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/LabDurrant/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/NBioscience/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/NCL_MedChem/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/RDKit_org/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/RSC_CICAG/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/aclarkxyz/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/andreasbenderuk/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/benevolent_ai/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/bio_comp/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/ccdc_cambridge/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/dr_greg_landrum/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/exscientiaAI/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/lygature/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/macinchem/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/pharmenable/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/rapodaca/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/rsc_bmcs/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/synbic/rss	sci cdd
https://nitter.net/valence_ai/rss	sci cdd
https://patwalters.github.io/practicalcheminformatics/feed.xml	sci cdd
https://practicalcheminformatics.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	sci cdd
https://proteinsandwavefunctions.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	sci cdd
https://rdkit.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	sci cdd
https://www.blopig.com/blog/feed/	sci cdd
https://www.compbiomed.eu/feed	sci cdd
https://www.ddw-online.com/feed	sci cdd
https://www.rscbmcs.org/feed	sci cdd
https://www.scilifelab.se/feed	sci cdd
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0YUefHzYkhmOhfCAjm-aaA	yt # Medicines Discovery Catapult
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC20ylcDcTQWIGDnOD34mjWA	yt # BioSolveITTutorials
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2UOI1W8Q48AdCwaAVRilKw	yt # AndyDendy
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3ew3t5al4sN-Zk01DGVKlg	yt # Valence Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLk_hm1ukiv1z7mwA9qWtbQ	yt # David Koes
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMJBgduhh5y5mvZxjTJvqYw	yt # Collaborative Drug Discovery, Inc.
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMppiEFsUvLPpnLMsWXEnOA	yt # ML for protein engineering seminar series
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT3mRwMjLxgoAfe8IHIFCoA	yt # CCDCCambridge
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUiIfmesH_psiArXT3xcppA	yt # Computational Biomedicine
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXOkV943dmo6rSiVlo7lsBw	yt # AI 4 Scientific Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfssUOda3kyt1B5bIwBSU6g	yt # Medchem clips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChcbEN9Uw3Od-WMXsW7yn8A	yt # BenevolentAI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmcWrkHzDFnC07Vk4doQTsw	yt # RSC_CICAG
https://www.zbh.uni-hamburg.de/forschung/news.atom	sci cdd

# }}}
# film {{{

http://1morefilmblog.com/feed/	film
http://aestheticsofthemind.wordpress.com/feed/	film
http://cinema-scope.com/feed/	film
http://filmmomaticreviews.wordpress.com/feed/	film
http://frame.land/all/essays/feed/	film
http://hotxshare.com/feed/	fdl
http://inreviewonline.com/category/film/feed	film		# ?
http://jamesdevereaux.com/feed/	film
http://kinojoan.co.uk/index.html	film
http://moviessilently.com/feed/	film
http://movieworld.ws/feed/	fdl
http://muchadoaboutcinema.com/feed/	film
http://nextprojection.com/category/reviews/feed/	film
http://rarefilm.net/feed/	fdl
http://rarelust.com/feed/	fdl
http://sensesofcinema.com/feed/	film
http://vashivisuals.com/feed/	film
http://worldscinema.org/feed/	fdl
http://www.acinemahistory.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
http://www.alicebishop.net/feed/	film
http://www.bfi.org.uk/latest/feed	film
http://www.brattleblog.brattlefilm.org/feed/	film
http://www.criticalcommons.org/lectures/RSS	film
http://www.davidbordwell.net/blog/feed/	film
http://www.enic-cine.net/feed/	film
http://www.filmsufi.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
http://www.jonathanrosenbaum.net/feed/	film
http://www.movingimagesource.us/articles/rss	film
http://www.vcinemashow.com/category/reviews/feed/	film
https://acinephilesreviewoffilm.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://arethehillsgoingtomarchoff.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://asianmoviepulse.com/reviews/feed/	film
https://blog.animationstudies.org/?feed=rss2	film
https://blog.reviviendoviejasjoyas.xyz/feed/	fdl
https://blog.reviviendoviejasjoyas.xyz/feed/	fdl	# need login
https://blog.reviviendoviejasjoyas.xyz/feed/	film
https://brightlightsfilm.com/feed/	film
https://catecinem.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://cinema-talk.com/feed/	film
https://cinemaoftheabstract.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://cinemasparagus.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://cinematheque.tube/feeds/videos.xml?videoChannelId=2	film
https://cinenthusiast.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://cinephiliabeyond.org/feed/	film
https://criticafterdark.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://diaryofascreenwriter.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://drsapirstein.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://filmalert101.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://filmnomenon.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://filmstudiesforfree.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://fredrikonfilm.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://hawkmenblues.net/feed/	fdl
https://hdencode.com/tag/movies/feed/	fdl
https://hkwomenfilmmakers.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://hongkongmovietours.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://internationalcinemareview.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://itpworld.wordpress.com/feed/
https://kinoslang.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://letterboxd.com/follow_freeman/rss/	lb
https://letterboxd.com/mazintas/rss/	lb
https://letterboxd.com/tectactoe/rss/	lb
https://lithub.com/category/newsandculture/film-and-tv/feed/	film
https://lostmediawiki.com/index.php?title=Special:ExportRDF/Home&xmlmime=rdf	film
https://lwlies.com/feed/	film
https://medium.com/feed/@miniflixTV	film
https://mogambo1924.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	fdl
https://nitter.net/ohakosubs/rss	film
https://nmasmas2.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://notesoncinematograph.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://ohakosubs.tumblr.com/rss	film
https://pinoyrebyu.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://raredoramas.info/feed	fdl
https://rarefilmm.com/feed/	fdl
https://read.kinoscope.org/feed/	film
https://scalisto.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	fdl
https://schneeland-mono.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://scopophiliacatthecinema.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://selfstyledsiren.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://sergedaney.blogspot.com//feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://stephenfollows.com/feed/	film
https://storiadocgiappone.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://stummfilm-magazin.de/?format=feed&type=rss	film
https://tadleckman.wordpress.com/category/movies/feed/	film
https://theartofvisionganz.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://theartsofslowcinema.com/feed/	film
https://theseventhart.org/feed/	film
https://thisislandrod.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://thoseawfulreviews.wordpress.com/feed/	film
https://unspokencinema.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://videowatchdog.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://vimeo.com/filmarchivum/videos/rss	film
https://vimeo.com/filmmuseummuenchen/videos/rss	film
https://vimeo.com/glassdistortion/videos/rss	film
https://vimeo.com/kevinblee/videos/rss	film
https://vimeo.com/user14337401/videos/rss	film	# davidbordwell
https://vimeo.com/user39852370/videos/rss	film	# saracwynar
https://vimeo.com/user83013343/videos/rss	film # citizenjake
https://vimeo.com/vashi/videos/rss	film
https://windowsonworlds.com/feed/	film
https://wipfilms.net/feed/	fdl
https://www.artforum.com/film/rss	film
https://www.cinefile.info/blog?format=RSS	film
https://www.criterion.com/feeds/the-daily	film
https://www.critic.de/rss-feeds/neue-filmkritiken/	film de2
https://www.film-faction.com/articles?format=RSS	film
https://www.filmcomment.com/feed/	film
https://www.filmedinether.com/feed/	film
https://www.filmpatrol.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://www.flickeralley.com/feed/	film
https://www.nationalreview.com/author/armond-white/feed/	film
https://www.nishikata-eiga.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss	film
https://www.theguardian.com/film/series/observer-european-film/rss	film
https://www.thisisnotafilmblog.net/news?format=RSS	film
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1Yo_8Vgdv_-0otNLqmrwNg	yt # aSionSonoFilm
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3cYcYPnsmXVqqMrqVlc2kg	yt # Little White Lies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5MXkVkm25a36FJ2sR29fAw	yt # berkay
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7GV-3hrA9kDKrren0QMKMg	yt # CinemaTyler
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9wMJIgU25UtMV3arDeHDyA	yt # Collative Learning
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCe20Iwf2cxvJLxHk1ftc9w	yt # Stephan Graf v. Bothmer
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCF4kPRXfuoKj0ZS8hhp6onA	yt # Style is Substance
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCILpem6jYQmzMIUBRLl4JiA	yt # Daniel Carreiro
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCL5kBJmBUVFLYBDiSiK1VDw	yt # The Cinema Cartography
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCN0kmd3jOFtDzAfaZmc-PvA	yt # your cult boyfriend
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNf56PUyMI0wUyZ8KRhg2AQ	yt # Cinema Nippon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS-84iRcdFoozlaGI0UaZVg	yt # CINE MUDO / Silent movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVmsjbnZ4MAUl33GfdhX0Rg	yt # Filmarchiv Austria
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWTFGPpNQ0Ms6afXhaWDiRw	yt # Now You See It
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXYchrloc-E-aMF_L6_itzg	yt # Max Felix
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYNqbXpwkjOmZhY--86CicQ	yt # Lethargic
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZc0EgIRreTb169M20kqsvw	yt fr # Marie Riviere . Actrice
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZxBTW6epnyNIwHHWcSZpYQ	yt # ねこむすめ
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_tMkLTLLDNTbebWHKXJ6-Q	yt # PELICULAS MUDAS / Silent cinema
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbK91LHRLnRmqrWBFLTJnDQ	yt # East Asian Cinema History
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbxDRGGByV8P0Avm-M6Pjfw	yt # Ramon Wakaliwood Experience
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdVVysCPlu8kw-hqg13MWrw	yt # Bradley J. Dixon
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkpzphmJb8xUflqUAg9NBsw	yt # Alan Resnick
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnWhoZnGUmDsE6WHZJOJoCw	yt # Charles M
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnm95FzPtuPHmzAZARj2Hmw	yt # Nathan Conant
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCodYv3Bc-NXDNTz8ntYVMIg	yt # tommydan55
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCudgYlGIdep1Zjd0b3cb-Bg	yt # The First Movies
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvwXikvldP8Zvk0YlzT775g	yt # Movie-ing with David
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCwUBFuggz861PvFtHun1J9w	yt # GEIDAI ANIMATION
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxUR9wLuzgsvA6mpgKtiqGw	yt # Rossatron
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxUR9wLuzgsvA6mpgKtiqGw	yt # Rossatron
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PL9MSezZEWTce_M3La7FxvH6B9ijHq86A9	yt # cinemacorona
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?playlist_id=PLrMEncyd64BdPt-iWyxiAdo19tYm7myf1	yt # filmmakeriq

# }}}
